[EoC]Add some meta functions (#69431)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/EFFECT_ON_CONDITION.md

"condition": "npc_female",
```

### `u_is_avatar`, `u_is_npc`, `u_is_character`, `u_is_monster`, `u_is_item`, `u_is_furniture`, `npc_is_avatar`, `npc_is_npc`, `npc_is_character`, `npc_is_monster`, `npc_is_item`, `npc_is_furniture`
- type: simple string
- return true if alpha or beta talker is avatar / NPC / character / monster / item /furniture

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `avatar` is you, player, that control specific NPC (yes, your character is still NPC, you just can control it, as you can control another NPC using faction succession)
- `npc` is any NPC, except Avatar
- `character` is both NPC or Avatar

```

#### `u_lose_faction_trust`
same as `u_add_faction_trust`, not used in favor of `u_add_faction_trust` with negative number

#### `u_message`, `npc_message`, `message`
Display a text message in the log. `u_message` and `npc_message` display a message only if you or NPC is avatar. `message` always displays a message.

| Syntax | Optionality | Value  | Info |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | 

> | "u_message" / "npc_message" / "message" | **mandatory** | string or [variable object](##variable-object) | default true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| "u_message" / "npc_message" / "message" | **mandatory** | string or [variable object](##variable-object) | message, that would be printed; If `snippet` is true, id of a snippet that would be printed |
```
How lucky for you to find field, that i forgot to document XD
